	FLIGHT RESERVATION SYSTEM
	A CS 100 Project 

Instructor: Maryam Mustafa
Lab-Instructor: Asma Khalil 
Section:    4
Teaching-Assistant (TA): Sadia Zubair 

DEVELOPED BY:
Waleed Arshad 
2024-02-0358
Muhammad Qasim Rashid
2024-10-0058

We have successfully developed a management system based on flight reservation system. It allows user to conveniantly book a flight, both domestic and international. 
The program allows our valued customers to have a hassle-free method of reserving their flight, check for their reserved flight, or cancel their reserved flight. 

User is presented with these choices:
1)book a flight, 
2)check a reserved flight, 
3)random selection, and 
4)cancel a flight.

1)book a flight,
If you select this option, you will be redirected to a new window and would be asked to book a domestic or international flight. After entering your choice, you will
be asked to select you departure and arrival city. After that, you have to select date from the options displayed, and after that you would be asked to select an 
available flight you wish to travel on. Doing this would lead you to enter passenger's information, and HOORAY!! you have booked your flight.

2)check a reserved flight,
If you select this option, you will be redirected to a new window and would be asked to check domestic or international flight. Then a prompt will ask you to enter 
a passport number against which you reserved you flight. If it matches to the passport number in our database, your flight details will be printed, else you will be 
returned to the front page.

3)random selection,
This one is fond travellers amongst our users. If you select this option, you will be redirected to a new window and to select domestic or international travel. 
Then user would have to select their departure city. Then, program will display a random flight, and if you wish to travel, you can enter yes, and program will 
ask for information regarding passenger flight, and off you go to your new travel adventure!

4)cancel a flight
If you select this option, you will be asked to cancel domestic or international flight. Then, a prompt would ask you to enter passport number against which you
reserved your flight. If it matches to the passport number in our database, your flight will be cancelled, else you will be returned to the front page.

HAPPY RESERVING A FLIGHT!!
